The platform of Adobe Experience Manager 6.3 build on top of updated versions of the OSGi-based framework (Apache Sling and Apache Felix) 
and the Java Content Repository: Apache Jackrabbit Oak 1.6.1.


1 .Online Revision Cleanup with new Oak Segment Tar format - 

Each update to the repository creates a new content revision and so the size of repository grows
To avoid uncontrolled repository growth, old revisions need to be be cleaned up to free disk resources. 
This maintenance functionality is called Revision Cleanup.It has been available as an offline routine since AEM 6.0.
With AEM 6.3 an online version of this functionality called Online Revision Cleanup was introduced. 
Compared to Offline Revision Cleanup where the AEM instance has to be shut down, 
Online Revision Cleanup can be run while the AEM instance is online. 


2. Oak Segment Tar File Format



3. Time warp

It allows you to see the page in different versions by adding a timewarp parameter to your page.
If you want to access an older version of the page we can select the time of creation of that version and it will redirect to it.


4. Content tree
The Content Tree gives an overview of all of the components on the page in a hierarchy 
so you can see at a glance how the page is composed.
The Content Tree is a tab within the side panel (together with the components and assets browser)
When you open the side panel it will slide open (from the left side). Select the Content Tree tab if necessary. 
When open you can see a tree view representation of your page or template, so that it's easier to understand how its content is structured hierarchically. 
Additionally on a complex page, it makes it easier to jump between components of the page.

5. Workflow
When you are using the page editor the status bar will show:
The name of the workflow(s) being applied to the page; for example Request for Activation.
Any actions available to the current user for the current step of the workflow; for example, Complete, Delegate, View details.
The number of workflows that the page is subject to. You can:
use the left/right arrows to navigate through the status information of the various workflows.
click/tap on the actual number to open a drop down list of all applicable workflows, then select the workflow you want displayed in the status bar.



6.page difference
Page Difference feature can be also used to identify the difference between blueprints and livecopies, and blueprints and language copies.





